### 9/Jan/23, 9:15-10:45am

### <center> <u> IT Project Management </u> </center>

1.2. Anitcipating the Risk

A GENERAL FACTORS?
- Lack of resources: not enough good technical people.

1.1 Concepts:

(11). Project Management Knowledge Areas

9 Knowledge Areas
Core function
Scope Mgt, Time Mgt, Cost Mgt, Quality Mgt
-----------Project Integration Mgt--------------> Project Success
HR Mgt, Comm Mgt, Risk Mgt, Procue Mgt

(12). Project Management Tools and Techniques
Tool? (In chapter 3: scope)
- Project Charter, scope statement, and WBS(Work Breakdown Structure)
- Gantt charts, network diagrams, critical

-----------------------------------

### 9/Jan/23, 9:15-10:45am

### <center> <u> IT Project Management </u> </center>

1.1 Concepts:

(9). The Triple Constraint:

- Scope
- Time
- Cost

To really success?
Called: Quadruple
- Scope
- Time
- Cost
- Quality

(10). Project Stakeholders:

Stakeholders?
- are the people involveed in or affected by project activities.

Stakeholders include?
- project sponser and team.
- support staff.
- customers.
- users.
- suppliers.
- opponents to the project.

-----------------------------------

### 2/Jan/23, 9:15-10:45am

### <center> <u> IT Project Management </u> </center>

1.1 Concepts:

Risk?
- is something that makes the project take longer than project, or cost more than planned.

Why Projects Fail?

    - Cancelled: ran out of money or time.
        - technology has changed so much.
        - Business has changed & the client doesn't need it anymore.
        - Politics does not like project.

    - 50 - 100% over: project cost costs 50% over budget and take 50%  more time and then failure.

    - Not used: 
        - do not solve the problem.
        - difficult to use.
        - no one teaches the user.

Examples the reasons for:
    - Failure in the Planning Part
    - Failure in the Development Part
    - Failure in the Ending Part